>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we talked a little
bit about how this is like a family tree.
Prior, we were looking at using
objects to represent the nesting.
Here we have three people,
we have a mother, a son and a daughter.
And we can see that we're creating a tree
data structure here through the children
property, which holds a reference to
the son and the daughter in or no way.
So again,
when we are working with our trees,
we can use objects,
messing with objects, we can use arrays.
Why will we use an array
instead of an object?
>> Speaker 2: I had like a risk is
of the index of you can kind of find
the index of whatever object you're
looking for pretty quickly with an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so there are
some like array methods that are useful
like index love,
maybe even a length, right?
Maybe you wanna know how
many children there are.
>> Speaker 2: When order matters.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: When order matters,
right?
Maybe the son is older or
younger than the daughter and
we want to arrange it by like birth
order or something like that.
Yeah, absolutely, so
just something to think about.
There are many ways.
Think about when you are implementing
your tree right now using this exercise.